Move rounded corner rectangle to the second position in the toolbar (#606)
nordeck/matrix-neoboard: .changeset/sweet-meals-pay.md

---
'@nordeck/matrix-neoboard-react-sdk': patch
'@nordeck/matrix-neoboard-widget': patch
---

> Change rounded corner rectngle element postion in the toolbar

Reviewer: sorry, but since this is going into the changelog I think it is worth fixing

```suggestion
Change rounded corner rectangle element position in the toolbar
```
